docs: Feature sets documentation (#1826)
spryker/spryker-docs: _drafts/oryx/feature-sets.md

---
title: Feature sets
description: Setup your frontend application using feature sets that contain all standard features
last_updated: May 3, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
---

A feature set is a group of related features that can be added to an Oryx application with a single reference. Using feature sets simplifies the process of setting up an application by reducing the amount of [boilerplate code](./boilerplate.md) required to configure and initialize the application.

Feature sets are organized by business model, such as b2c, b2b, marketplace or fulfillment. The feature sets demonstrate the available features that Oryx provides. A feature list might be too opinionated for your business. You can therefor decide to use a complete feature set, or create your own sets.

Each package provides its own features. For example, the product package exposes all product features available. This includes both components as well as the associated business logic.

> ## Available Feature Sets

Reviewer: If product feature considered a feature set, then this parahraph is about 'available business feature sets" (so we have two kinds of feature sets, business and... functional?)

Author: I went for "Application feature sets", but have made a reference in the intro to make that clear. 
Also improved a few other areas.

---
title: Feature sets
description: Feature sets are collections of standard features
last_updated: May 24, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
---

> A feature set is a group of related features that can be added to an Oryx application with a single reference. Feature sets simplify the process of setting up an application by reducing the amount of [boilerplate code](./boilerplate.md) required to configure and initialize the application.

Reviewer 2: Introduction of a new term
```suggestion
A *feature set* is a group of related features that can be added to an Oryx application with a single reference. Feature sets simplify the process of setting up an application by reducing the amount of [boilerplate code](./boilerplate.md) required to configure and initialize the application.
```

There are two types of feature sets: domain and application feature sets.

## Domain feature sets

> A domain feature set is an aggregation of the features related to a certain functionality or domain. For example, the product feature set exposes all available product features. This includes components and the associated business logic.

Reviewer 2: Same
```suggestion
A *domain feature set* is an aggregation of the features related to a certain functionality or domain. For example, the product feature set exposes all available product features. This includes components and the associated business logic.
```

## Application feature sets

> An application feature set is an aggregation of the features related to a certain business model, such as B2C, B2B, marketplace, or fulfillment. Such feature sets are usually bigger and can include features from different domain feature sets.

Reviewer 2: Same
```suggestion
An *application feature set* is an aggregation of the features related to a certain business model, such as B2C, B2B, marketplace, or fulfillment. Such feature sets are usually bigger and can include features from different domain feature sets.
```

> Application feature sets can be seen as _demo apps_, because one such set lets you quickly set up a project without developing. However, they are too opinionated for most use cases. So, for production environments, you may extend an existing set or create your own. For more details about creating feature sets, see [Create feature  sets](#create-feature-sets).

Author: ```suggestion
Application feature sets can be seen as _demo apps_, because one such set lets you quickly set up a project without developing. However, they are too opinionated for most use cases. So, for production environments, you may extend an existing set or create your own. For more details about creating feature sets, see [Create feature sets](#create-feature-sets).
```

> Application feature sets can be seen as _demo apps_, because one such set lets you quickly set up a project without developing. However, they are too opinionated for most use cases. So, for production environments, you may extend an existing set or create your own. For more details about creating feature sets, see [Create feature  sets](#create-feature-sets).

Author: ```suggestion
Application feature sets can be seen as _demo apps_, because one such set lets you quickly set up a project without developing. However, a standard feature set might be too opinionated for your production application, which is why you may extend an existing set or create your own. For more details about creating feature sets, see [Create feature  sets](#create-feature-sets).
```

### Available application feature sets

Oryx includes predefined feature sets that cover common use cases for web applications. The application feature sets are provided in the [presets package](./presets.md). The following feature sets are available:

- b2cFeatures: features commonly used in B2C applications.
- fulfillmentFeatures: features used in PWAs, used for picking products for fulfillment.

> In future, we will most likely introduce B2B and marketplace feature sets.

Reviewer 2: Avoid predicting the future. Relevant info should be added once this change is actually introduced. 
```suggestion
In the future, we will most likely introduce B2B and marketplace feature sets.
```

## Labs

> The labs package provides experimental features that are not designed for production environments. They may evolve into standard feature sets over time, but this is not guaranteed. You can use a labs feature set in your demos, POCs, or local development.

Reviewer 2: I would replace "They" with a specific subject. For me, it's not that obvious what "They" is referring to.
```suggestion
The *labs package* provides experimental features that are not designed for production environments. They may evolve into standard feature sets over time, but this is not guaranteed. You can use a labs feature set in your demos, POCs, or local development.
```

---
title: Feature sets
description: Setup your frontend application using feature sets that contain all standard features
last_updated: May 24, 2023
template: concept-topic-template
---

A feature set is a group of related features that can be added to an Oryx application with a single reference. Using feature sets simplifies the process of setting up an application by reducing the amount of [boilerplate code](./boilerplate.md) required to configure and initialize the application. Feature sets can be seen as _demo apps_ and are useful to quickly setup a project without developing code.

> Feature sets are organized by business model (e.g. b2c, b2b, fulfillment, etc.), but we call them "Application feature sets" in this document. The feature sets demonstrate the available features that Oryx provides. A feature list might be too opinionated for your project though. You can therefor decide to use a full feature set, a partial set, or define your own feature set.

Author: Because domain packages also have features sets. The application feature sets are aggregating all of the domain feature sets.
